so here's me telling you that I have a
crush on you
that is that's the point for my collar
we promise you yes theory isn't turning
into a dating channel but after a friend
Natalie Tasha got turned down by her
crush in front of hundreds of thousands
of people we had to make up for it so
upon her request to be set up on a blind
date we thought there'd be no better
people to call upon than you guys to
follow us on Instagram by the way now
would be a good time to go follow us on
there if you want to potentially partake
in adventures like this in the future
now to find the guy we thought we'd get
a little creative and decided to do this
call out to our followers we are trying
to set up to yesterday fans on a blind
date we already found the girl and now
we're trying to find the guy you've got
to film yourself like this and tell us
your best joke in your story our plan
was to fly out to LA whoever we deem
funniest and best match for Natalie to
set them both up on a spontaneous blind
date and the next morning we woke up to
hundreds of jokes to sort through all
since last night like all this and more
at the end of the day it's just about
the energy sunny with a joker restaurant
four space Rangers so many of them that
are so funny it's so hard to pick like
that you posted these on your own
stories no shame you all deserve this
unfortunately we just have to pick one
[Music]
doctor says the only intensive lift the
patient can't believe it it says Ted
what did months
[Music]
good answer damn dude we love this could
you hop on a place time at some point
today
[Music]
I guess just a few questions how old are
you 20 okay he literally just came up
with these two seconds ago these
questions but ideal date like your
perfect date either like a stand-up
comedy show or like laser tagging just
something fun where you get to know the
person how they act right in situations
like that
yeah I think we all agree you're you're
coming the date will be on Monday so
you'd probably have to skip school don't
know if you've class for your plane
tickets we literally call this guy
yesterday we bought his tickets right
away yeah we just caught the one Skype
call we're like this guy's funny all
right I'm the cute platinum with a pink
sweater
you guys it's crazy we literally talked
for the first time yesterday yeah you're
about to be set up on a job they do yeah
they they and the s3 squad today will be
responsible for getting this guy in
shape that's gonna get him in the body
Department just make sure he's looking
good for tonight I'm just gonna make
sure he's got the confidence of a
California surfer so you're gonna think
about surfing from visa eyes you're
gonna work on the coolness you know I'm
saying that yeah we're gonna be doing
the next few hours to prep you wait the
first step is Matt let's keep it like
low rep Oh too high for you what was
last time you did pops
you mean Spanish Chinese
[Music]
we go lower when he's here got it first
smile is this beautiful super stallion
amazing beautiful
[Music]
I made somebody Jose
I am under somebody give it a I've been
expecting you in my son yeah I texted
you bro you want to sir sit down
surfing is not a sport surfing is a
mindset breathe in I don't know I don't
see how this has to do with just free
not catching the way we need to connect
with the ocean and become a true
California surfer aren't you from France
breathe in the water breathe out
do you feel it surfing is very much like
a first date show up you don't know what
the conditions are gonna be but if with
the right mindset in the right focus
you can ride any conversation you'd like
all right my son I think you're ready
I'm about to pass out so I hope so
[Music]
[Applause]
how are you feeling are you nervous at
all your future they just heard your
voice for the first time I look forward
to meeting you ok bye I love you a
little stressed out right now bro I
don't know what to wear I don't know
what's gonna happen well good for you
the boys are in for the rescue the
countdown has begun she is on her way
the first thing that anyone experiences
about you is your physical appear points
3 3 seconds of a millisecond is how fast
they're gonna know they wet the whole
bucket like you're in a short shorts or
a long pants shorts what we're not going
swimming we're going on a date that's
actually not bad
these are my favorite pants actually
good you're not a dad you don't need
that no khakis what's the number-one
thing you talk about on a first date her
Wow deep don't talk on our first date
this is my girlfriend this girl is out
of my league I'm a six a seven on a good
day this girl is like a 12 but look at
her my mom did not believe me when I
showed this was her my mom still doesn't
believe me
this is not a Joe look at my girlfriend
I get a kiss her and stop again kiss her
that's it I want to kiss her good good
good good good good good why why does it
desire who do you need this oh well
sometimes a cloud by myself and I look
across the water okay okay well I don't
sing don't sum it up for me like you
told me ten thousand things what is it
now yourself but don't be yourself too
much okay don't overthink it but don't
understand okay so don't overthink eat
too much but don't think too little
look assuring the eyes don't talk too
much but let her do all I'm talking and
ask her questions and focus on her yes
yes yes
you flew 1,500 miles for this moment
yeah this is it
you look in you feel good that worked
you out Thomas boarded you up I'm sorry
I can't come art please I can't I can't
I'm in Venice Beach with 30 degrees
wearing a super hot there's a lot of
stress in the NEPA all right we've got
about four minutes until she shows up
and right now we're putting him in
position making sure that that first
meeting goes smoothly and he's extremely
nervous especially about his guitar
playing for some reason that's the one
thing he's most nervous about so you're
coming oh my are you gonna tell me when
she's coming
I'm dying bro just keep just keep
walking keep walking as if you're going
up to the Senate to the Senate Monica
Pier so awkward is there everyone bro I
hope so flew 1,500 miles they're
basically the most well-dressed men on
the boardwalk right now find it yes yeah
I walk towards it I don't think he knows
where you're coming from
he's making fuse right now all right
let's do it hey how are you yeah I got
you flowers yeah just like our kids are
like like you have a kid I have a kid
they're meeting and now they're like it
oh it's so hot your smile will be me
actually wrote it for you okay smart you
speak Spanish like right before we left
I thought I was gonna throw up not
nervous or anything I just wanted to
yeah he's really hot it's a match made
in yes Theory dude I hope I girl from
this year well I hope my boyfriend
hasn't so we figured the best way for
you guys to get to know each other
suppose this thing called 36 questions
of love so we're gonna ask you guys like
some pretty personal questions a lot of
guys struggle with the conversations of
first dates and this is actually
question number one given the choice of
anyone in the world would you want as a
dinner guest John Green he's the one
person that's got me to read books
Oh to Elon Musk let's see that's a good
one damn okay
you already said yeah actually what is
the greatest accomplishment um honestly
I think I would say like staying true to
myself a lot of people get lost
especially I think it moved to Canada by
myself
settle down me like make friends go to
university there I think that so far are
you gonna move to Congress Oh viewed
together like extremely self-aware
extremely empathetic kind funny there is
literally nothing that makes us happier
than interacting with the people that we
put out this content to so
[Music]
you're about to have the best meal of
your life
chef Thomas brag yes yeah wait yes
master of you the right team late met
you yes
when I miss you there is your
traditional Middle Eastern kofta all
vegan of course and some bread
you have the vegan cutter nutty sauce
being character or not I am in-between
I'll just explain about how this is in
1965 wow it's a red car go fully taste
the great there is something a little
way tonight you enjoy your meal
Natalie and Lucas turned out to be a
perfect match being able to take people
that watch our videos on epic adventures
is one of the most rewarding things we
get to do these days so make sure you
follow us on Instagram and Twitter which
we're very active on to keep up with
everything we do also make sure to check
out Natalie's YouTube channel and
remember a stranger is just another
friend that you haven't met I felt a
little bit like an idiot at the
beginning wearing sue in the pit of the
beach is a beautiful experience that I
got to be a beautiful person so c1
Tuesday
[Music]